Improve performance of opam update/init by changing the structure of the internal http opam repositories (use the tar.gz as-is) (#6625)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

## Repository
  * No longer call tar tool to create archives, use tar library instead [#6945 @kit-ty-kate]
  * [BUG] Do not fail on directories named `opam` when scanning the `packages` directory of a repository during `opam repo add` or `opam init` (worked on subsequent `opam update`) [#6941 @kit-ty-kate @rjbou]

>   * Speedup repository operations on Windows & BSD by changing its storage in the opam root from plain directory to archive, for HTTP repositories, or non-VCS one if `OPAMREPOSITORYTARRING` is enabled [#6625 @rjbou @kit-ty-kate @arozovyk - fix #5741 #5648 #5484 #5559 #3050]

Author: ```suggestion
  * Speedup repository operations on certain file-systems (e.g. NTFS on Windows or IO constrained machines) by changing its storage in the opam root from plain directory to archive, for HTTP repositories, or non-VCS one if `OPAMREPOSITORYTARRING` is enabled [#6625 @rjbou @kit-ty-kate @arozovyk - fix #5741 #5648 #5484 #5346 #5559 #3050 #6974]
```
